Update CHANGELOG to describe new Package.resolved format (#3991)
apple/swift-package-manager: CHANGELOG.md

  To increase the security of packages, SwiftPM performs trust on first use (TOFU) validation. The fingerprint of a package is now being recorded when the package is first downloaded from a Git repository or package registry. Subsequent downloads must have fingerpints matching previous recorded values, otherwise it would result in build warnings or failures depending on settings.   

* [#3717]

>   Introduce a 2nd version of `Package.resolved` file format which captured more accurately package identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Introduce a second version of `Package.resolved` file format which more accurately captures package identity.
```
